Hello everyone, bother you again
workshop would quark a new video review
glands that came to me in
workshop so let's start let's start with the rim this
both king plus would do yes here in
this color is pretty beautiful
nadir point he double not peace
toned
but strong enough zebras stiffness
very well made 3 4 millimeters
width 16 height 36 knitting needles and 493 grams
weight in this we'll see so need wheels
on bmx
order hands about it ie availability
further the kmc to 710 circuit is one of the most
best chains just awesome chain
it is supplied with a lock it is practically not
It stretches quite a bit there
figure pull parts so to speak here
on a combination of colors silver
black on the bike looks good 110
links standard length
with a weight of 410 grams very very
price-quality is just superb
the ratio of edic now put and
install it correctly you will have it
forever on this shaybochki
to assemble the wheels on it
yo
adds strength to your wheel
reduces the likelihood that
nipple will throw out a piece of experience at 8
big stretch
I advise you to use these washers when
assembly not peace tinted rims weight
it will hardly add a wheel by
reliability
salary carriage
mid here like this they are delivered in such
wonderful packaging others
manufacturers don't bother just
put the bearings with songs in a bag and
everyone here is beautiful enough
There are versions for 19 shaft and 22 shaft, everything is there
the presence of such a package 2
spacer step spacers themselves themselves
bearings of sufficient quality
carriages so here are their bike computers
firms
echo well in two variations wireless
and wired have wireless
go for 7 functions this is our speed
current and average time current time
travel distance odometer speed
speed mode
sorry here ergonomic beautiful
body is prettier since sigma does
find more expensive look and wired
version with wire it is on 10 functions this
distance speed odometer clock
scan average speed
the maximum speed of travel time
race speed and total ride time
shows this bike computer
that's actually
today these new ones
glands did so if you
like something need something
order come in contact as
publicly so on my page it's all
there is also an x-fighters site so that
new releases all bye